Add python and pip installation templates (#7298)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/_templates/cloud/notes.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015 Wazuh, Inc.

> The integration with |service| can be configured in the Wazuh manager (which also behaves as an agent) or directly in a Wazuh agent. This choice merely depends on how you decide to access your |service| infrastructure in your environment.

Author: My bad, I didn't notice that the content had changed.

.. Copyright (C) 2015 Wazuh, Inc.

> .. note::
>    The integration with |service| can be configured in the Wazuh manager (which also behaves as an agent) or directly in a Wazuh agent. This choice merely depends on how you decide to access your |service| infrastructure in your environment.
> 
> .. warning::
>    The Wazuh manager includes all dependencies installed, these steps are only necessary when configuring the integration in a Wazuh agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the integration with |service| either in the Wazuh manager or in a Wazuh agent. This choice depends solely on how you access your |service| infrastructure in your environment.

You only need to install dependencies when configuring the integration with |service| in a Wazuh agent. The Wazuh manager already includes all the necessary dependencies.
```

Reviewer: They don't need to be on a note and a warning. These note and warning seem perfect for the introductory paragraphs.
